.TH "woof" "1" "Last Modified: November 22, 2022"
.SH NAME
\fBwoof\fP \- A small, simple, stupid webserver to share files 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B woof
.RI [ options ] " file" 

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwoof\fP is a tool to copy files between hosts. It can 
serve a specified file on HTTP,just for a given number of times, and then 
shutdown. It can be easily used to share files across the computers on a 
net, and given that the other ends should have just a browser, it can share 
stuff between different operating system, or different devices (e.g.: a 
smartphone). It can also show a simple html form in order to upload a file.
commands.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-i <ip_addr>
IP address to share the file
.TP
.B \-p <port>
Port to be used to share the file
.TP
.B \-c <count>
Number of times to share the file
.TP
.B \-z <dir>
Used on a directory, it creates a tarball with gzip compression
.TP
.B \-j <dir>
Used on a directory, it creates a tarball with bzip2 compression
.TP
.B \-Z <dir>
Used on a directory, it creates a tarball with ZIP compression
.TP
.B \-u <dir>
Used on a directory, it creates a tarball with no compression
.TP
.B \-s
Used to distribute woof itself
.TP
.B \-U
woof provides an upload form and allows uploading files

.SH FILES
You can specify different defaults in two locations: /etc/woofrc
and ~/.woofrc can be INI-style config files containing the default
port and the default count. The file in the home directory takes
precedence. The compression methods are "off", "gz", "bz2" or "zip".

    Sample file:

        [main]
        port = 8008
        count = 2
        ip = 127.0.0.1
        compressed = gz

.SH AUTHOR
woof was written by Simon Budig <simon@budig.de>

This manual page was written by Andrea Colangelo <warp10@ubuntu.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
